&:dan
+:tambah
/:atau
=:sama dengan
ababil:anak ingusan
abal2:palsu
abal:palsu
ad:ada
adres:alamat
address:alamat
ade:adik
adek:adik
adain:adakan
af:sekali
aj:saja
aja:saja
ajah:saja
apa2:apa apa
anj:anjing
apah:apa
akooh:aku
alay:norak
azada:lazada
alhamdulillah:alhamdulilah
alhmadlah:alhamdulilah
alhmdhl:alhamdulilah
alhmdl:alhamdulilah
alhmdlah:alhamdulilah
alhmdlh:alhamdulilah
alhmdulah:alhamdulilah
albm:album
alakadar:seadanya
ampe:sampai
anjir:waw
andri:antre
anterin:antarkan
anyway:ngomong-ngomong
apk:aplikasi
apik:bagus
aq:aku
asap:secepatnya
and:dan
ato:atau
atao:atau
atw:atau
ava:foto profil
banget:sekali
balikin:kembalikan
baget:keras kepala
baper:bawa perasaan
bapuk:rusak
bcr:bicara
batre:baterai
batere:baterai
bebeb:pacar
begin:awal
bejibun:bertumpuk banyak
bener:benar
ber2:berdua
ber3:bertiga
bf:pacar
bgt:sekali
bnget sekali
bhas:bahas
bhg:bahagia
bikin:buat
binggo:banget
bingit:banget
bklan:bakalan
bkn:bukan
blg:bilang
bnr:benar
bnyk:banyak
br:baru
brb:akan segera kembali
brjaya:berjaya
bs:bisa
bsa:bisa
bsk:besok
brg:barang
brang:barang
brng:barang
blum:belum
blom:belum
btw:ngomong-ngomong
bwt:buat
bgs:bagus
bgt:banget
bgus:bagus
buyer:pembeli
bsr:besar
bsar:besar
cm:cuma
cb:coba
c19:covid
ccd:cacat
cowo:cowok
cewe:cewek
cct:cacat
cmn:cuma
cman:cuma
cmiiw:koreksi saya
cnt:cinta
cs:pelayanan
congrats:selamat
cod:bayar di tempat
crop:potong
cpt:cepat
cpat:cepat
cya:sampai jumpa lagi
d:di
da:ada
dah:sudah
dapt:dapat
dapet:dapat
dafuk:kurang ajar
damat:tidak peduli
dempa:demi apa
dech:deh
dpn:depan
dg:dengan
dgn:dengan
deket:dekat
dkt:dekat
dlm:dalam
dlu:dulu
dmn:dimana
dpt:dapat
dr:dari
dri:dari
drpd:daripada
dsna:disana
dugem:dunia gemerlap
design:desain
dtg:datang
dtang:datang
elo:kamu
elu:kamu
enggak:tidak
engga:tidak
expedisi:ekspedisi
ekpedisi:ekspedisi
emg:memang
emng:memang
epsd:episode
fast:cepat
fake:falsu
fans:penggemar
fans:penggemar
faq:pertanyaan umum
fham:paham
fhm:paham
fb:facebook
fix:pasti
ft:foto
fyi:asal tahu saja
fs:flash sale
flasale:flash sale
flashsale:flash sale
fles:flash
for:untuk
g:tidak
ga:tidak
gaada:tidak ada
gabut:gaji buta
gada:tidak ada
gajebo:tidak jelas
gak:tidak
gan:juragan
galau:bimbang
garing:hambar
gatau:tidak tahu
geje:tidak jelas
gengges:ganggu
gf:pacar
ggl:gagal
gk:tidak
gold:emas
god:bagus
gmn:bagaimana
gmpng:gampang
gokil:gila
gwe:aku
hand:tangan
gapapa:tidak apa apa
gpp:tidak apa apa
gakpapa:tidak apa apa
grammar:tata bahasa
gt:gitu
gue:aku
gw:aku
gw:aku
gx:tidak
hbd:happy birthday
hp:telepon genggam
hape:telepon genggam
handphone:telepon genggam
haeduh:aduh
hacep:pesta pora
hater:pembenci
haters:pembenci
hdp:hidup
hrg:harga
hrga:harga
hdr:hadir
hit:terpopuler
hits:terkini
hoax:palsu
ig:instagram
idup:hidup
indo:indonesia
iow:dengan kata lain
ipon:iphone
item:hitam
jos:mantap
joz:mantap
jd:jadi
jdi:jadi
jdnya:jadinya
jg:juga
jgan:jangan
jngn:jangan
jgn:jangan
jl:jalan
jln:jalan
jls:jelas
jutek:galak
k:ke
ko:kok
kamseupay:kampungan
karn:karena
krn:karena
karna:karena
krna:karena
kbr:kabar
kca:kaca
keknya:kayaknya
keles:kali
keleus:kali
kelender:kalender
kepo:penasaran
kgk:kagak
kicep:diam
kipak:bohong
kog:kok
kk:kakak
kl:kalau
klo:kalau
klu:kalau
kluar:keluar
kalo:kalau
kalok:kalau
klon:duplikat
klrg:keluarga
klu:kalau
km:kamu
kmn:kemana
kmrn:kemarin
konsul:konsultasi
kcil:kecil
kcl:kecil
kn:kan
knp:kenapa
knpa:kenapa
kongkow:kumpul-kumpul
kpd:kepada
kpn:kapan
krn:karena
krm:kirim
krim:kirim
krna:karena
ktny:katanya
kumkeb:kumpul kebo
kyk:kayak
kagak:tidak
kyak:kayak
kzl:kesal
kwalitas:kualitas
lbh:lebih
lebay:berlebihan
lebeh:berlebihan
lelet:lambat
lg:lagi
lgs:langsung
lgsg:langsung
liat:lihat
lnjut:lanjut
lo:kamu
loh:lho
lom:belum
lol:tertawa
love:cinta
lwt:lewat
maaci:terima kasih
mada:masa
mabok:mabuk
mager:malas gerak
maharani:mahal
maho:homoseksual
mainstream:sangat umum
males:malas
mcm:macam
mehong:mahal
meneketehe:tidak tahu
menel:centil
mgkn:mungkin
mimin:admin
minn:admin
mkn:makan
mksd:maksud
mksud:maksud
mksh:terima kasih
mlm:malam
mlm:malam
mls:malas
mmg:memang
modus:maksud lain
mrk:mereka
mrka:mereka
mayan:lumayan
muantap:mantap
mantaf:mantap
mantep:mantap
mntap:mantap
mantab:mantap
much:lebih
mure:murah
mw:mau
msh:masih
n:dan
naek:naik
nelpon:menelepon
nelfon:menelepon
ngeh:paham
ngeuh:paham
ndak:tidak
nggak:tidak
nggu:menunggu
ngliat:melihat
ngeliat:melihat
ngga:tidak
nga:tidak
ngk:tidak
nice:bagus
nmr:nomor
nmun:namun
no:nomor
nongkrong:kumpul-kumpul
ntn:nonton
nntn:nonton
ntaps:mantap
ntap:mantap
mantul:mantap betul
nyampe:sampai
nyampek:sampai
nyungsep:jatuh
nyesal:menyesal
nyesel:menyesal
official:resmi
olh:oleh
or:atau
ori:asli
org:orang
ongkir:ongkos kirim
ok:oke
overal:secara keseluruhan
overall:secara keseluruhan
on hand: di tangan
olshop:toko online
pa:apa
pake:pakai
pakek:pakai
palbis:paling bisa
pcr:pacar
pcran:pacaran
pd:pada
pdhal:padahal
peres:palsu
pg:pagi
pgg:pegang
php:pemberi harapan palsu
pk:pakai
paking:packing
keep:tetap
plg:pulang
pesen:pesan
pls:tolong
pnh:pernah
pntg:penting
pny:punya
pingin:ingin
pengen:ingin
pgn:ingin
prasmul:perasaan saja
prcya:percaya
pls:tolong
please:tolong
prnh:pernah
pst:pesat
psti:pasti
pcs:buah
rapih:rapi
recokin:ganggu
rempong:repot
ri:republik indonesia
rotfl:tertawa
rbu:ribu
rb:ribu
romo:promo
rocker:voucher
respons:respon
response:respon
recomen:direkomendasikan
recomended:direkomendasikan
recommended:direkomendasikan
rekomended:direkomendasikan
recommend:direkomendasikan
sabeb:bebas
schedule:jadwal
sdh:sudah
selow:santai
seller:penjual
sgt:sangat
sgtu:segitu
sgtuny:segitunya
sh:masih
shg:sehingga
sjjurny:sejujurnya
skali:sekali
skrg:sekarang
seneng:senang
slh:salah
sll:selalu
ssuai:sesuai
sm:sama
smg:semoga
smga:semoga
smoga:semoga
smw:semua
smp:sampai
smwnya:semuanya
stage:panggung
stj:setuju
stuju:setuju
sprt:seperti
sprti:seperti
sperti:seperti
sy:saya
sya:saya
syg:sayang
sel:sale
sampek:sampai
spek:spesifikasi
td:tadi
tdk:tidak
tp:tapi
tpat:tepat
tpt:tepat
terbtu:terbantu
tengsin:malu
tebel:tebal
thn:tahun
tik:cantik
tkt:takut
tp:tapi
tpii:tapi
trs:terus
trus:terus
ttg:tentang
ttp:tetap
ttep:tetap
tetep:tetap
tlpon:telpon
tw:tau
typo:salah tulis
trimakasih:terima kasih
trims:terima kasih
trim:terima
timbang:dibanding
tg:tempered glass
tks:thanks
tq:terima kasih
u:kamu
utk:untuk
unyu:menggemaskan
uda:sudah
udh:sudah
wa:whatsapp
walo:walau
walao:walau
with:dengan
woles:santai
wtf:apa-apaan
x:kali
xiomi:xiaomi
xiomie:xiaomi
y:ya
yak:ya
yg:yang
yng:yang
ninjavanid:ninja van
jeng:jangan
klesuruah:keseluruhan
ransel:dibatalkan
cancel:dibatalkan
cansel:dibatalkan
smpai:sampai
for:untuk
handsfre:handsfree
hihihi:tertawa
hehehe:tertawa
hahaha:tertawa
wkwkwk:tertawa
ckckck:heran
id:indonesia
kayak:seperti
birthday:ulang tahun
brithday:ulang tahun
thank:terima kasih
ati:hati
adin:adakan
aga:agak
merek:merk
ane:saya
bingitz:banget
godjob: good job
akirnya:akhirnya
tingi:tinggi
by:beli
best:terbaik
delivery:pengiriman
vocher:voucher
vocer:voucher
atm:anjungan tunai mandiri
money:uang
adin:adain
hole:lubang
bas:bass
depak:depok
woto:bernilai
worth:bernilai
copot:lepas
kagak:tidak
cape:capek
cas:charge
error:rusak
quality:kualitas
mesan:pesan
terimakasih:terima kasih
notification:pemberitahuan
nyalain:nyalakan
packing:pengemasan
peking:pengemasan
paking:pengemasan
unique:unik
nyampe:sampai
si:sih
perfect:sempurna
size:ukuran
free:gratis
pict:gambar
picture:gambar
real:memang
moga:semoga
nyangka:menyangka
kirain:dikira
fake:palsu
kw:palsu
marketing:pemasaran
refund:pengembalian dana
komplain:keluhan
komplen:keluhan
les:lex
kah:kasih
review:ulasan
digratisun:gratis
naomi:xiaomi
trusted:terpercaya
cip:sip
sep:sip
birthday:ulang tahun
original:asli
invite:undang
meeting:pertemuan
markotop:sekali
markusip:sekali
gandos:sekali
smartphone:telepon genggam cerdas
xpress:express
ekspress:express
black:hitam
blue:biru
very:sangat
not:tidak
on:tepat
time:waktu
good:bagus
bad:jelek
product:produk
carger:charger
temper:tempered
awesome:luar biasa
amazing:luar biasa
item:barang
kilatan:kelihatan
simple:sederhana
simpel:sederhana
poko:pokok
txs:terima kasih
order:pemesanan
performance:performa
service:pelayanan
you:kamu
worthed:bernilai
like:suka
choice:pilihan
top:teratas
tyas:terima kasih
rendy:siap
ready:siap
original:asli
orisinal:asli
orisinil:asli
job:pekerjaan
nunggu:menunggu
nungguin:menunggu
couple:pasangan
gadget:gawai
online:daring
via:lewat
invite:faktur
fans:penggemar
is:adalah
teh:yang
the:yang
ulangtahun:ulang tahun
radak:agak
rada:agak
now:sekarang
display:tampilan
gift:hadiah
min:admin
useful:berguna
powerful:bertenaga
power:tenaga
powerbank: power bank
attitude:sikap
warp:wrap
card:kartu
eror:error
high:tinggi
figur:fitur
accept:terima
account:akun
acceptable:dapat diterima
aceptable:dapat diterima
accesories:aksesoris
acesories:aksesoris
aksesori:aksesoris
acomplished:tercapai
accomplished:tercapai
afordable:terjangkau
affordable:terjangkau
verified:verifikasi
verikasi:verifikasi
voucer:voucher
walapun:walaupun
watching:menonton
waterprof:tahan air
waterproof:tahan air
wedding:pernikahan
world:dunia
wrap:bungkus
plis:mohon
please:mohon
official:resmi
trprcaya:terpercaya
trobosan:terbosan
trlmbt:terlambat
transfers:transfer
thebest:terbaik
terbaique:terbaik
tempereglas:tempered glass
tempergras:tempered glass
temprglas:tempered glass
tangungjawab:tanggung jawab
trimaksi:terima kasih
trimkasi:terima kasih
sofcase:soft case
softcas:soft case
softcast:soft case
slnjtnya:selanjutnya
pelayanax:pelayanan
hmpr:hampir
CS:servis pelanggan
dibls:dibalas
sx:sekali
rmh:rumah
lemot:pelan
lag:pelan
sn:sini
lgsung:langsung
app:aplikasi
chatt:chat
eek:jelek
komsul:konsultasi
rs:rumah sakit
dodol:jelek
berpegian:berpergian
bgttt:sekali
agt:sangat
ngejelasin:penjelasan
solusinya:solusi
dievaluasi:evaluasi
diresepkan:resep
di akhir:akhir
oke:bagus
dikomunikasikan:komunikasi
diulang:ulang
di mana:mana
dikasih:kasih
disat:saat
dicarikan:cari
termurah:murah
dokterpun:dokter
diperhatikan:perhatikan
sat:saat
prihal:perihal
pandemik:pandemi
di bagian:bagian
walopun:walaupun
ngebantu:membantu
berta:bertanya
ditindaklanjuti:evaluasi
cuma:tetapi
alfamartatau:alfamart
gapu:tidak memiliki
gopayatau:gopay
catau:atau
debitatau:debit
aplgi:apalagi
so:sangat
helpful:membantu
sudh:sudah
menyediakam:menyediakan
apliksi:aplikasi
pu:punya
proud:bangga
over:keseluruhan
bermslh:bermasalah
pas:ketika
btl:batal
berkonsultasi:konsultasi
ngelag:lambat
kerna:karena
deg:gugup
degan:gugup
dibales:respon
urgent:darurat
super:sangat
membatu:membantu
alhamdulilah:bagus
wow:bagus
sokter:dokter
fre:gratis
skrng:sekarang
blsin:respon
jwbn:jawaban
mencla:aneh
mencle:aneh
bpkatau:bapak
tlg:tolong
kuapok:jelek
sehinga:sehingga
menelponatau:menelpon
help:tolong
csembilan:sembilan
nyuntik:menyuntik
temanhidupsehat:sangat
apliaksi:aplikasi
mjd:menjadi
gtu:gitu
cal:call
center:servis
call:customer
gmailatau:email
membant:membantu
nungu:nunggu
thankyou:terimakasih
thanks:terimakasih
jdwl:jadwal
hinga:hingga
pas:saat
segnifikan:signifikan
dok:dokter
menungu:menunggu
ngak:tidak
tbtb:seketika
hsl:hasil
asyik:bagus
comerce:pasar
ksh:kasih
bingung:binggung
manteb:bagus
xempat:tempat
flexible:fleksibel
orsg:orang
range:kisaran
pandemic:pandemi
mantap:bagus
enak:bagus
operative:responsif
hectic:darurat
cash:harga
disc:diskon
respo:responsif
aplk:aplikasi
tips:saran
trimaksih:terimakasih
mantapo:bagus
dok:dokter
bahagia:bagus
bego:jelek
bete:jelek
cemeberut:jelek
tertawa:jelek
mhl:mahal
krj:kerja
ravid:rapid
pingn:ingin
mf:maaf
chatingan:chat
nyobain:cobain
bermanfat:bermanfaat
mengunakan:menggunakan
gogle:google
thanks:terimakasih
gampang:mudah
dibales:bales
penguna:pengguna
cinta:suka
dobel:mahal
mes:pesan
replay:ulang
semingu:lama
bekerjasama:kerjasama
ribet:sulit
memgecewakan:kecewa
jempol:bagus
tengkyu:terimakasih
tungu:menunggu
mendekatkn:mendekat
docter:dokter
pickup:ambil
claim:klaim
ntr:nanti
mendownload:unduh
maf:maaf
jangn:jangan
kpotong:kepotong
diprtimbngkan:pertimbangkan
gajls:membingungkan
langanan:langgan
bgini:begini
mendapatkn:dapat
tnp:tanpa
tuk:untuk
memgunakan:menggunakan
pembayay:pembayaran
sekr:sekarang
long:panjang
wekend:libur
dikembangin:kembangkan
sblh:sebelah
ngehack:hack
text:teks
vc:telepon
ngelayanin:layan
jawabanya:jawab
pertanyan:tanya
selaumemberikan:responsif
user:pengguna
friendly:mudah
dtng:datang
ofline:offline
map:maaf
sebelumnyah:sebelumnya
didownload:unduh
lewar:lewat
kdang:terkadang
pingang:pinggang
ditlp:telepon
boro:jangankan
sebel:jelek
bnget:sangat
sngt:sangat
terbntu:terbantu
skli:sekali
indomaretatau:indomaret
dicuekin:cuek
disertaka:sertakan
menyulitakan:sulit
sejis:sejens
pdahal:padahal
gasuka:jelek
konsulatau:konsultasi
doctor:dokter
terimaksih:terimakasih
slow:lambat
overload:error
singkron:sinkron
direfund:kembali
dn:dan
nanganin:menangani
mobile:telepon
freze:lambat
kmudian:kemudian
rongsok:jelek
direspon:respon
merespon:respon
muter:putar
nangapin:responsif
bisadiandalkan:bagus
trimaksh:terimakasih
umpama:jika
gdn:dan
bisax:bisa
notif:respon
dock:dokter
asa:seperti
ngobrol:diskusi
macihalodoc:makasih
ngimong:diskusi
ma:dengan
ek:jelek
terjamgkau:terjangkau
berhubunham:berhubungan
demgam:dengan
imi:ini
qlo:kalau
cepwt:cepat
bamget:banget
difolow:respon
bagusenang:bagus
tlong:tolong
kmaren:kemaren
gmna:bagaimana
mna:mana
cpet:cepat
terbilanh:sebut
direspon:responsif
recomend:rekomen
self:sendiri
nemu:dapat
asyk:responsif
rumahatau:rumah
contact:kontak
bedrest:istirahat
smkin:semakin
trmksh:terimakasih
plong:bingung
skg:sekarang
was:takut
dikemanain:kemana
loading:lambat
video:vidio
donwload:unduh
document:dokumen
mantaps:bagus
gercep:cepat
membanty:membantu
mbantu:membantu
sngat:sangat
pandemin:pandemi
update:memperbarui
team:tim
efesien:efisien
keuanganya:uang
ap:aplikasi